hey guys welcome to my channel um
today's gonna be a pretty quick video
but it's super important and it's
literally something that I do every
single day at my job as a full-time
director of paid social at a fully
remote marketing agency and that's by on
my competitions Facebook ad so I'm oddly
enough we're starting at Google today
but the place where you can actually go
to see your competitions ads is
facebook.com slash ad slash library and
when you get there
this screen is gonna pop up you can see
that you have an all ads tab search for
ads by advertiser name another section
for issues and politics and another
section for housing and yeah I like this
just allows you to essentially type in
the brand the brand name or your
competitors name so that you can see
what kind of Facebook ads they're doing
and frankly I also use it a lot to get
inspiration from what a lot of the best
brands are doing so let's go ahead and
spy on some competitors or at least big
brands and see what they're doing
um like I said I do this almost every
day just because I want to see not only
what my brands competitors are doing but
also like what big brands are doing and
if they're doing something interesting I
might try and replicate it and some of
my own ads so I'm sure this is gonna be
a shocker but I really like little
Emmons ads because they have a lot of
really great mobile first content that
that I find actually services a great
template to send to clients so
oftentimes I'll see a video on
Lululemon's ads library and I'll take a
screen recording of it and I'll send it
to my clients to be like hey this is the
kind of video
want you to make and I know that they
definitely have one that I can show you
right here so this video let's go ahead
and watch it so this is a great example
of mobile first content number one the
format is creative okay so this video is
great mobile first content because it's
made to look at on a phone so it's not
landscape it's a little bit more you
know mobile optimized in that sense but
it's also really short you got to only
get your like you have to get your your
customers and users attention really
quickly so they have someone that's
jumping up and down fast movement that's
something that's really good for mobile
first content but they also have their
logo at the front and they have a bit of
a tagline that is that like gets to call
out you know specifically either the
product or the feature so yeah a huge
fan of whoever does content creation for
Lululemon you guys are doing great it
looks like this is another example of
mobile first content this is actually
probably one that's optimized solely for
Instagram stories which is another
really great tactic that I recommend for
my clients again they have like the logo
featured prominently they have some
call-outs I love the shot of the phone
and absurds because I know that's a
feature people really want and they have
a testimonials so this is a great ad and
I'll probably actually take a screenshot
of this later to send to some of my
apparel clients because it's really well
done
underwear great right and my video love
it but yeah like a lot of their stuff is
you know they use bold text and not too
much text which would be putting us at
risk for something like ad delivery but
I always try to check out and see what
they're doing because they do have a lot
of good stuff what is another brand
Billy is already up here looks like I
was looking at Billy and
right a not super surprised I love the
Billy's content because it looks like it
was filmed with an iPhone which like
whenever I talk with new clients or you
know other brands about content creation
they always get this like glazed over
look in their eye which is like oh my
god now I'm gonna have to spend tons of
money not only on advertising but on
also on creative for the advertising and
it's like no it doesn't have to be that
way you can create really great videos
with an iPhone and like this one like
these are literally pictures that in
videos that people took with their
iPhones and with just a few simple like
added graphics they made it like super
engaging that's mobile first like I love
it let's take a look at another one see
it's like another example of how you can
get really great video content by using
user-generated content which is a great
great strategy something I'm pushing a
lot these days for my client so you know
Billy does this super well and I've
definitely taken a few of Billy's videos
and sent them to my clients so that they
have a good example on what to create
okay so thank you guys okay so I think
you guys get the picture um I could go
down a black hole for this for days um
something I also really like doing is
trying to figure out which ads are for
retargeting only and which ads are for
prospecting only yeah so like that's it
like I am spying on the competition all
day every day so if you haven't done it
yet for your competitors go look at it
but also you know depending on your
industry I would make a habit of every
few days at least once a week checking
out what leaders in your space are
advertised
and if there's something that you can
replicate there's a lot of good ideas
out there and you definitely want to be
testing as much ad copy and creatives as
possible so that you can know what
actually speaks to your audience okay um
that's really all I have today in this
lighting situation is pissing me off
and so I'm gonna go okay hi guys